[PXCT-1985] Update Media Carrier information (#2961)
arduino/docs-content: content/hardware/02.uno/carriers/uno-media-carrier/datasheet/datasheet.md

<p style="text-align: justify;">The Arduino UNO Media Carrier extends the multimedia capabilities of compatible host boards (UNO Q, VENTUNO Q), enabling advanced vision, display, and audio applications with plug-and-play simplicity. Designed for easy integration, it connects via the JMEDIA and JMISC high-speed connectors, both of which feature passthrough designs to keep all pins available for additional modules or carriers in your setup.</p>

> <p style="text-align: justify;">Equipped with two MIPI CSI connectors for IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera v2), the carrier opens the door to dual-camera computer vision projects, from stereo depth mapping to multi-angle image capture. A MIPI DSI interface provides compatibility with standard 22-pin 4 lanes MIPI DSI displays (e.g. Waveshare), making it easy to add rich, interactive visual output to your projects without additional adapters. For audio, the carrier includes three dedicated 3.5 mm jacks: one combined microphone input and headphone output for flexible audio capture and monitoring, one line out for connecting to amplifiers or powered speakers, and one ear out enabling Class-AB differential earpiece output.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="text-align: justify;">Equipped with two MIPI CSI connectors for IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera Module 2), the carrier opens the door to dual-camera computer vision projects, from stereo depth mapping to multi-angle image capture. A MIPI DSI interface provides compatibility with standard 22-pin 4 lanes MIPI DSI displays (e.g. Waveshare), making it easy to add rich, interactive visual output to your projects without additional adapters. For audio, the carrier includes three dedicated 3.5 mm jacks: one combined microphone input and headphone output for flexible audio capture and monitoring, one line out for connecting to amplifiers or powered speakers, and one ear out enabling Class-AB differential earpiece output.</p>
```

Use official product name ([reference](https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/camera-module-v2/)).

### Camera Interfaces

> <p style="text-align: justify;">The UNO Media Carrier provides two MIPI-CSI 22-pin 4 lanes camera connectors, compatible with IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera v2). These allow dual-camera computer vision applications such as stereo vision, depth mapping, or multi-angle capture.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p style="text-align: justify;">The UNO Media Carrier provides two MIPI-CSI 22-pin 4 lanes camera connectors, compatible with IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera Module 2). These allow dual-camera computer vision applications such as stereo vision, depth mapping, or multi-angle capture.</p>
```

- **LINE OUT (A1):** 3.5 mm audio jack for audio output. Signals routed through JMISC analog audio endpoints (`LINEOUT_P`, `LINEOUT_M`).
- **MICROPHONE IN / HEADPHONES OUT (A2):** 3.5 mm jack supporting microphone input and headphone output. Microphone signals (`MIC2_INP`, `MIC2_INN`, `MIC2_BIAS`) and headphone signals (`HPH_L`, `HPH_R`, `HPH_REF`, `HS_DET`) routed through JMISC.
- **EAR OUT (A3):** 3.5 mm audio jack for Class-AB differential earpiece output. Signals routed through JMISC analog audio endpoints (`EAR_P_R`, `EAR_M_R`).
- **DSI0 (B1):** 22-pin 4 lanes MIPI-DSI display connector compatible with Waveshare MIPI-DSI displays. Operates at 1.8 V logic level, routed from JMEDIA connector.
- **CSI1 (B2):** 22-pin 4 lanes MIPI-CSI camera connector compatible with IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera v2). Operates at 1.8 V logic level, routed from JMEDIA connector. Camera 1 interface.

> - **CSI0 (B3):** 22-pin 4 lanes MIPI-CSI camera connector compatible with IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera v2). Operates at 1.8 V logic level, routed from JMEDIA connector. Camera 0 interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CSI1 (B2):** 22-pin 4 lanes MIPI-CSI camera connector compatible with IMX219 cameras (e.g. Raspberry Pi Camera Module 2). Operates at 1.8 V logic level, routed from JMEDIA connector. Camera 1 interface.
- **CSI0 (B3):** 22-pin 4 lanes MIPI-CSI camera connector compatible with IMX219 cameras. Operates at 1.8 V logic level, routed from JMEDIA connector. Camera 0 interface.
```

I suggest removing the parenthetical from the subsequent list item, as I think the presence in the prior item is sufficient to communicate this supplemental information.
